### Book influence you
*Talk about a book you have read that was important to you for some reason. Explain why the book was important to you. Give specific details and examples to explain your answer.*

The book that is of much importance to me is the **Wonderful Advantures of Nil**, which talks about a boy named Nil travelling around the world with gooses. This book is important to me because it is the first fairy tale I've read. I still remember that I stay up all night reading this book. It is also because Nil taught me a lot. He taught me that I need to stay calm while facing a problem. Along the journey travelling the world, Nil encountered a lot of dangerous situation, being chased by a wolf, for example. But instead of being nervious, Nils always stay calm and think how to get rid of it, and he always succeed eventually. His way of solving problem helps a lot when I sometimes run into real problems.

### television
*Some people believe that television has had a positive influence on society. Others believe it has had a negative influence on society. Which do you agree with and why? Use details and examples to explain your opinion.*

In my opinion, the television has a positive influence on society. The reason are tow folds. On one hand, it is a good way to kill time. Whenever you are tired or feel boring, you can turn on your television, switch to an insteresting programmme, and enjoy watching it. It makes our life more interesting. On the other hand, while you are killing your time, you can also get access to more information or news using TV. When I was young, I often watch a programme called **Exploring**, in which I learnt a lot of knowledge outside classroom. For example, the unknown questions in the world, the different kinds of weather and how they are formed, etc.